[TASK] Make the AbstractPlugin @internal (#2209)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/HowTo/FrontendPlugin/Index.rst

For scenarios with user input and or complicated data operations consider
using :ref:`Extbase <extbase>`.

> It is also possible to create a front end plugin using Core functionality only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to create a frontend plugin using Core functionality only.
```

> ..  todo: Document how to create a frontend plugin without Extbase.

Reviewer: I assume, this will be a follow-up PR?

Author: yes
